# 3rd-Party Software for [checkleaks]()

The following 3rd-party software packages may be used by or distributed with **checkleaks**.  This document was automatically generated by [FOSSA](https://fossa.com) on 05/02/20; any information relevant to third-party vendors listed below are collected using common, reasonable means.






## Direct Dependencies


Package|Licenses
-------|--------
**[bs4 (0.0.1)](#bs4-001)**|MIT
**[requests (2.23.0)](#requests-2230)**|Apache-2.0



### Details


#### **bs4 (0.0.1)**


* Declared License(s)
    * MIT
        * Attribution:
        Copyright (c) 2020, bs4 Contributors
		Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
		The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
		THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.



* Discovered License(s)






---
---

#### **requests (2.23.0)**


* Declared License(s)
    * Apache-2.0
        * Attribution:
        Copyright 2019 Kenneth Reitz
		
		   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
		   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
		   You may obtain a copy of the License at
		
		       https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
		
		   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
		   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
		   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
		   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
		   limitations under the License.
		



* Discovered License(s)






---
---






***Deep dependencies not included.  Enable this in FOSSA to include deeper data.***



***Full license list not included.  Enable this in FOSSA to include licenses.***



[FOSSA]: # (Do not touch the comments below)

[FOSSA]: # (==depsig=e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855==)


